# Security Advisory 2023-12-07

In Dangerzone, a security vulnerability was detected in the quarantined
environment where documents are opened. Vulnerabilities like this are expected
and do not compromise the security of Dangerzone. However, in combination with
another more serious vulnerability (also called container escape), a malicious
document may be able to breach the security of Dangerzone. We are not aware of
any container escapes that affect Dangerzone. **To reduce that risk, you are
strongly advised to update Dangerzone to the latest version**.

## Summary

A security vulnerability in GhostScript (CVE-2023-43115) affects the
**contained** environment where the document rendering takes place. If one
attempts to convert a malicious file with an embedded PostScript image,
arbitrary code may run within that environment. Such files look like regular
Office documents, which means that you cannot avoid a specific extension. Other
programs that open Office documents, such as LibreOffice, are also affected,
unless the system has been upgraded in the meantime.

## How does this impact me?

The expectation is that malicious code will run in a container without Internet
access, meaning that it won't be able to infect the rest of the system.

## What do I need to do?

You are **strongly** advised to update your Dangerzone installation to 0.5.1 as
soon as possible.

Please note that we have recently enabled security scans for our software, and
we aim to alert people even sooner about vulnerabilities like these.
